ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³   ßÛßßÜ   ÜßßßÜ ßÛßßÜ  ³                                                  ³
³    Û   Û Û       Û   Û ³                                                  ³
³   ßÛßßßÛ Û      ßÛßßß  ³  Written by : Lars                               ³
³    Û   Û Û       Û     ³  File Type : Text                                ³
³   ß ßßß  ßÜÜÜÜß ß      ³  Packaged by : Lars                              ³
ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´  Release Date [1/15/95]                          ³
³BLACK CiRCLE PRODUCTiONS³                                                  ³
ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´                                                  ³
³      Free CD's         ³                                                  ³
³                        ³                                                  ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ





           ok people, here is how you get as many free cds that you
           could possably want, and you dont have to risk going into
           a store to steal them, cause any moron can figure that out
           and i wouldn't waste my time writting abou that. With this
           Plan, the CD company mails you your free CD's and that drops
           the risk of you getting your ass busted. heres a list of
           what you need.


                   1 - Friend living in an apartment.
                   2 - Mail in order form.
                   3 - about 5 fake names.
                   4 - Common sense.

               ok, you are probaly saying "whats a mail in order form?"
           well getting one of thoose is the easist part. just grap a
           magazine and root through it until you find one of thoose adds
           that say "10 CD'S FOR A PENNY" well of course we all know how
           that scandle works, but we are never going to buy anything more.
           I prefer to use Columbia House, Because they give you 10 for
           free, were as most of them are like 5 or 6. well here is how you
           work this. just fill out the add and request some free info so
           you will have an idea of how the system works. after your info
           comes and you understand it, go to your freind with an apartments
           house. request free info for about five people all to that address.
           I would use the same last name, cause they might get curious. In
           about a week when the info comes in the mail, fill out the forms
           telling them witch CD's you want and how you are going to buy 5
           more selections at regular club prices in the next 3 years. well,
           mail them away, and pretty soon here comes about 50 cd's in the
           mail. Jus have it prearanged so that your friend knows the deal
           and so that he wont throw away pelipa rodricos's cd's when they come.
           If they ask for his signature, just fill out the alias signature
           on the line and you'll get your goods. your freind shouldn't mind
           if you throw in some cd's for them too. ok and now your saying,
           wont they write asking for cd's soon? well yes but not to soon,
          just dont write back, and if they call all you must do is say
          " well i just moved in last week and i dont know what you are
          talking about." there is nothing they can do, cause they cant
          trace pelpia because he doesn't exsit, and your friend in the
          apartment is surely not pelpia. but, you must use an apartment,
          because with a house they can prove how long you have been living
          there with the records, but in a run down apartment where the land
          lord is to drunk to know anything, you will be home free.


          well thats about it. if you have any questions, just leave me E-mail
          on the Black Book (919)779-8895 NUP Black Knight

                                                 Lars [TuC/BcP]




          '95 BLACK CiRCLE PRODUCTiONS




























