

               =*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=
               *  (CHN) Connecticut Hacker Newsgroup (CHN) *
               =              CHN News File #3             =
               *           an I.I.R.G. affiliate           *
               =               -=>Present<=-               =
               *  Fundamental Truths About High-Tech Crime *
               =*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=


          FUNDAMENTAL TRUTHS ABOUT HIGH TECHNOLOGY CRIME
          By: Ron Hale

           Some members of our society are greatly benefiting from 
          new technology and are exploiting it in ways never imagined.
          Unfortunately, they re employing high technology to further
          criminal enterprises.  High-technology crime was born almost 
          simultaneously with legitimate uses Of computers, and continues
          to thrive as new, attractive technologies become available.
          And it will continue to grow as new user-empowering technologies
          are introduced and as more businesses and individuals have access
          to information systems.
           To understand high-technology crime, and to appreciate its 
          significance and potential, we must understand some fundamental
          truths, about crime and how these relate to high technology.
                   
          Truth 1: Crime, like water, follows the path of least resistance

          To understand crime you must realize that if an opportunity 
          exists it will be exploited. Just as cars and the superhighway 
          systems gave rise to bank robbery rates in the '5Os, the 
          availability of computer and communications technologies will 
          increase the incidence of technology-related crimes today.  
          Computers and communication systems will be instrumental in 
          completing criminal acts that under other circumstances would be 
          completed traditionally.  Like businesses, criminals in most 
          cases look to technology for the benefits provided.  As our 
          society becomes more dependent on technology, and as more 
          individuals, have access to information and communication 
          systems, criminal exploits naturally will become more technology 
          intensive.
          
          Truth 2: Highly complex technical crimes are the exception
                   rather than the rule.
          
           Since the first computer crime was reported, we have been led
          to believe that the nature of technology crime was primarily 
          technical.  To gain from a criminal enterprise, offenders needed 
          to have a significant understanding of inforation system 
          architectures, system Software, specific applications and network
          technologies.  This focus led us to believe that system cracking, 
          infections through viruses and other malicious code, and breaking
          application security represented the most significant opportunities,
          for crime. Studies predicted potential annual losses in the billions.
          In reality, however, although there are spectacular highly technical
          crimes resulting in very significant losses, the majority of 
          technology crime may be less technical than we suspected.
           The largest single wire transfer fraud in this country was 
          possible because of collusion and weaknesses in control procedures.
          The mechanism was technical but the means was traditional. 
          Although spectactir highly technical crime will occur, the greatest
          incidence of crime will be less technical in nature.
           We must understand that criminals will exploit technology to the 
          extent necessary to facilitate crime.  
          Since technology is an effective facilitator, we can expect 
          technology to be increasingly used as an element of more traditional
          crimes.  We also must understand, from a national policy standpoint, 
          that to the extent that crime pervades the information highway, 
          travelers increasingly will be at risk.

          Truth 3: Old crimes take on new meaning with increased technology.

           The availability and advantages of high technology may change the
          mix of criminal activities. In some cases, crimes that had not been 
          well practiced may increase as tecnology replaces the need for skill.
          With forgery, due to the availability of scanners, color printers, 
          and special software, an unskilled operator can mimic a master 
          engraver.  The result: document forgery can be practiced by 
          anyone.
           New opportunities for crime may become possible through the 
          exploitation of technology.  These may be variations on a theme in 
          the sense that the opportunity will be new, but the nature of the 
          crime will be the same, For example, theft of services has been a 
          problem as long as services of value could be stolen.  A modem 
          example is communications fraud.  When communication companies 
          controlled long-distance, few were able to exploit the technology 
          for financial gain.  With deregulation, and the decision of 
          business to manage long-distance and other communication 
          services through their own Private Branch Exchanges (PBX), a new 
          opportunity was created.
           Weaknesses in the way systems were installed and managed 
          has given a tremendous opportunity to criminals who make millions 
          for the effort.  Although certain skill is required to gain access 
          to PBX systems, almost no skill is needed to operate long-distance,
          call-sell operations.  With annual losses conservatively estimated 
          at between $3 and $5 billion, there is sufficient motivation for the
          technical few to find and compromise systems so that others can sell
          the service.
           As new technologies are introduced, they are as likely to be 
          exploited for criminal as well as legitimate use.  In some cases 
          technically oriented individuals may be enlisted to support larger 
          criminal enterprises.  Otherwise law abiding citizens, because of 
          potential gains, may be motivated to participate in crime.  Yet, 
          for the most part, new crimes will not be created.  Old crimes 
          will become more lucrative because they are easier and more prof-
          itable.  Additional criminal opportunities may be created because 
          a new niche will develop out of weaknesses in policy or practice.  
          In this case technology may spawn opportunities for crime.
               

          Truth 4: Geographic boundaries are meaningless in an electronic age.
          
           Modem law enforcement must deal with the mobile criminal.  
          Often, agencies cooperatively investigate crimes since sophisti-
          cated criminal understand that the risk of arrest increases 
          with the length of time in any geographic area.  Property crimes 
          are only solved because the offenders have been in an area too 
          long.
           With technology, crime geography is meaningless.  With the 
          speed of an electron you can be around the world.  Connections 
          that require access through successive systems hide both identity 
          and location.  As physical presence becomes less significant, 
          opportunities for detecting criminal activities and for apprehend-
          ing offenders become less frequent.
           Without geography, jurisdiction is difficult to determine.  
          Cooperation among government agencies becomes almost impossible 
          under the traditional police agency model.  A victim may report a 
          crime, but the agency responsible for investigation will not have 
          the ability to share information or develop leads indicating a 
          larger conspiracy.  If an offender is caught, the odds of
          finding the full extent of the crime are virtually nil.  Without 
          information from the offender, or evidence retrieved from computer 
          and commmication system records, it may not be possible to 
          identify other victims.  Without such information it is difficult 
          to get the attention of prosecutors and judges.
           To be effective in a technical world, law enforcement agencies
          must establish contacts with other investigators, share information
          and support prosecutions for crimes committed without regard to
          geography.  Although criminals have been eager to 
          accept new opportunities presented through advanced technology, 
          law enforcement has been hesitant. As violent crimes gain more 
          attention and resources, nonviolent crimes, in particular 
          technical crimes, are sometimes forgotten.  Few departments have 
          the trained personnel or resources to dedicate to technical 
          crimes.
           
          Truth 5: Society is hesitant to impose the controls necessary to
                   deter or detect electronic criminals.

           With the promotion of an electronic frontier available 
          through an information superhighway, there is little 
          consideration given to crime or criminal opportunity.  
          In the days of the wild west, pioneers took risks and brought order 
          to what had been an unsettled environment.  As more people were 
          attracted to an area, social conventions that had the, force of 
          law developed through mutual consensus.  As the population grew, 
          elements were attracted that soon required more formalized laws and 
          a structure for detecting and punishing transgressions.
           Our electronic frontier has currently developed conventions.  With
          the rapid increase in Internet Users, many conventions are challenged
          or openly disregarded. The punishment of "flaming" will not be as 
          effective as the number of new users outnumbers the old-time 
          pioneers.
           Imposing rules and structure over behavior is easier and more 
          acceptable than limiting personal expressions or electronic access.
          Requiring citizens to purchase and display a vehicle license can 
          be effectively accomplished without creating public outcry.
          Requiring licensiiig to identify users across an open network
          will be impossible, if driven by the government. Such requirements
          appear to impose restrictions that limit what we feel are our
          fundamental rights.
           Without the ability to ID parties to a communication across an
          endless network of systems, electronic commerce cannot be 
          implemented.
          Commercial conventions similar to a signature, cannot be developed.
          Unless the users mutually agree to impose and accept certain
          limitations, controls cannot be imposed. Without the ability to 
          positively identify communicating parties, criminal clements will 
          flourish.  They will have free unrestricted access with the 
          ability to take on any identity required to attract or gain the
          confidence of their intended victims.
           Unfortunately, users across bullletin boards or information 
          services tend to tyrust other users and information received because
          both they and the party to the communication are part of the
          fraternity of users. Crime can flourish in such an environment.
           These simple truths lead us to draw cxertain conclusions about the
          nature of controls within a technical environment.
           Controls. including manual and automated procedures, must be 
          comprehensive. reliance on a technical control such as access
          control systems may not be sufficient when criminals are
          attacking from all directions.  We know that system crackers rely 
          on social engineering and dumpster diving to gain information 
          that facilitates system penetrations.  We have seen that criminals 
          will use technical means for financial gain in ways that mimic 
          traditional crimes.  To develop a reliable and effective control 
          structure we must blend manual and automated procedures with 
          technical controls in a way that enables prevention as well as 
          detection capabilities.
           There is a need to accept technologies that ensure correct 
          identification of communicating parties.  The government has been 
          reluctant to bless current technologies such as public key 
          cryptography.  In an electronic age there are no easy ways to verify
          identity without using measures such as public key encryption.  
          Users may need to trade some of the freedom currently available in 
          the electronic world to help ensure their own safety and security.
          In some commercial cases, positive verification of identity should 
          be considered a contractual requirement. When identity can be 
          established, and it can be known positively that messages have not 
          been compromised, then electronic commerce will be more secure.
           Ethical computing needs to be taught at an early age. 
          Criminologists believe that when rules have not been formalized and 
          accepted within the population, it is difficult to define ethical 
          behavior or make individuals accountable.  We must accept basic 
          rules of the road before being admitted to the information super-
          highway.  Currently there is little agreement as to what is proper 
          behavior in a computing environment.  Some expect rigid controls 
          while others with equal personal conviction believe that systems 
          should be open and that cracking is a legitimate intellectual 
          pursuit.
          Most people will find an acceptable position somewhere between 
          the two stances.
           Electronic travelers must be made aware of the dangers.  
          As long as there are criminals seeking opportunities for fraud, 
          theft and even child molestation on our networks, we must 
          encourage vigilance.  Users must be aware that electronic travels 
          require the same degree of vigilance and awareness as do travels 
          through the physical city.  Bulletins should be made generally 
          available, perhaps in an electronic town square, that warn 
          about recent criminal activities or post the identity of those 
          who violate the security of the network or its users.  Being aware 
          is being prepared.
           Security and law enforcement personnel must be aware of 
          opportunities for crime, and must have the skills and equipment 
          to be able to prosecute technical crimes.  Some have predicted 
          that, as this century closes, public concerns about violent crime 
          will increase and police attention and involvement with 
          property crimes will decrease.  They have suggested that 
          private agenecies will be required to take on more 
          responsibility. Security Officers will increasingly need 
          to be aware of corporate and individual network connections, how 
          they are used and what the risks are for their organizations.