


                                  - - - - -
                               .ù The Scene ù.
                                  - - - - -

   The scene is growing fast. There is a new board going up every day, and
   most of them are wanna be h/p boards, run by little 13 year old smart
   asses that think they are 'elite' .. 

   What is the total scene definition of 'elite'? I mean, there is always
   someone claiming/acting to be 'elite' out there with their /<-R„|) 
   writing and shit. Who is elite? Who are the people that are the definition
   of elite and k-rad? 

   Then there are the anti-elite and anti-warez people. Whats up with that?
   Do they hafta be different? I bet if you looked on any of the anti-warez
   users hard drive, you will find a ware of some kind. What is the point
   of anti-warez? I am not a warez person myself, but im not an anti-warez
   person, either.

   The scene is not underground anymore. How can it be with everyone knowing
   about it? There are the select few that DO have total underground boards
   that almost no one in the scene knows about, except for the 10-15 people
   that are on the board. Now those are the only underground boards left.
   H/P boards are nothing special - They are everywhere. Anywhere you look 
   theres another ad for a "1 gig of H/P/A/C FileZ!" .. Whatever happened
   to the underground? THERE IS NO UNDERGROUND! 

   To those of you that think you are 'undergroundish' and 'k-rad', there is
   no such thing. We are one big family of hackers/phreakers out for more
   education in the H/P field. The warez people are out for the newest 0-Day
   shit so they can download it, and upload it to all of the other 10 gig
   warez boards and think they are cool. The scene is dead, and not by the
   means of not enough H/P and Warez boards - There are TOO many. Thats why.

   The next time you call a H/P or Warez board, ask yourself:
     "Is this place really as underground and elite as it claims to be?
      or is it another wanna-be-in-the-scene-and-be-k-rad board?"

  


                  If you do not like what i have stated in this
                  file, it is my opinion. This is the way I look
                  at it. You have your right to an opinion, too.
                  If you have your own opinion, get it out there.
                  Thats what im doing. I want to hear what other
                  people hafta say about the 'scene'. Dont make
                  me your enemy because of what i say. Im just
                  another phreaker that is sick of the shit that
                  is goin on around the 'scene'.    
                                                   Later,
                                                      Apothecary [QiC, RiSE]

