
                      t  h  e    4 0 5 ' s   o  w  n . . .


            ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
            ³               ³    ³               ³    ³          ³
            ³    ÄÄÄÄÄ      ³    ³       ³       ³    ÀÄ¿      ÚÄÙ
            ³         ÚÄÄÄÄÄÙ    ³       ³       ³    ÚÄÙ      ÀÄ¿
            ³         ³          ³               ³    ³          ³
            ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ          ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                               p r e s e n t ' s

             ÚÄÄÄ Ä Ä  Ä    Ä   ú     ú     ú     Ä    Ä   Ä   Ä¿
             ³ Customer Name/Address Bureau for the 405/214 NPA ³
             ÀÄ Ä -   -     ú        ú    ú  Ä    Ä  Ä   Ä   ÄÄÄÙ

                      Written by: U, on April 27th, 1995

Summary: The following  will  be  a brief  description  of Southwestern
         Bell's Customer  Name & Address Bureau, the phone number as of
         04/27/95,  and a few useful things CN/A can do for a phreak in
         the 90s.

CN/A Description:

        CN/A stands for 'Customer Name and Address'.  While  this is not
        a very accurate name (ie. you do not get their address), one can
        still do many phun things with it.  With the CN/A  phone  number
        for the 405/214 NPA,  one  has the  abillity to  obtain the full
        name of the owner of any *published* phone number.  NOTE: if the
        number is flagged with Ma Bell as unlisted, you will NOT get any
        information on it.

CN/A Number:

        The phone number is: 214-744-9500.
        The access code is: 795167.

Uses of CN/A:

        1) Much  like  we  in POI,  you may have found a system you need
           access  to.   (ie. a  System 75).    You've   tried  all  the
           defaults, and still can't crack the system.  What to do? Call
           up the CN/A, and  get the  name of the company  that owns the
           system.  Now call  your local information number (1141 in the
           405).  Give them  the  name of  the business, and ask for the
           phone number and address.  Now, you have two options.

           a) Social Engineering:  Talk  an  employee  into giving you a
                                   login id and password.   (easier said
                                   than done)

           b) Trashing:  Go to the place of the business and  steal some
                         good ole' trash.  You  may find some  good info
                         on accessing the system.

        2) A sysop pisses you off.   Wouldn't it  be fun  to CN/A their
           bbs line, get  their  real name,  and then  find their voice
           number?  Call 'em voice and tell them what you think of 'em.
           Hell, just set your modem up and auto-redial their house all
           fucking night!!  This might be viewed as a lame thing to do,
           but hey, it's fun as hell pissing  people off!  Go  for IT!!

        3) Come ON!  Get  creative!!  I'm  sure  you can  think of many
           other fun, and handy uses for Southwestern Bell's stupidity.


Notes:

        Please keep this information in the 'leet scene  of  your area.
        It not be very k-rad for the code to get shut down.  We can get
        another code, but I highly doubt we'll publish it again.

        As for those who aren't local to the CN/A number (ie. 405 dewdz)
        I guess you'll have to (ack!!) pay for the LD call.. unless of
        course you have a way around that..  ;)

<EOF> POi '95



















