ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³   ßÛßßÜ   ÜßßßÜ ßÛßßÜ  ³                                                  ³
³    Û   Û Û       Û   Û ³                                                  ³
³   ßÛßßßÛ Û      ßÛßßß  ³  Written by : Lars                               ³
³    Û   Û Û       Û     ³  File Type : Text                                ³
³   ß ßßß  ßÜÜÜÜß ß      ³  Packaged by : Lars                              ³
ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´  Release Date [1/18/95]                          ³
³BLACK CiRCLE PRODUCTiONS³                                                  ³
ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´                                                  ³
³    Beige Boxing        ³                                                  ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ




          Beige Boxing is nothing more than a homemade linemans 
          headset. for thoose who dont know what that is, it 
          is very easy to explain. A linesman Headset is one of
          thoose orange Fones that the fone man uses to tap on 
          to lines with, and you can make one with very little
          effort and a small change to your fone. all you need 
          would be -

                     1 - Wire cutters
                     2 - Fone w/mute button (mute not a must but is better)
                     3 - 2 diffrent color aligator clips.


          ok, now its this simple. see that little plug on the end
          of the cord that goes into the wall? well cut it off.
          Now, you will see two wires (usally green and red) .
          strip both of them with the write cutters and affix the 
          aligator clips on to them. You now have a beige box, but 
          now you need to know how to use it. your new beige box 
          can be hooked up to any terminal that you may come across,
          you can find them on the side of your house (small box with
          the little gay bell logo on it). Rip of the cover and you will
          find 5 prongs sorta like this...

                        Red -=>     o       o

                                        o

                        Green -=>   o       o


          anyway, at my house the left two are line one and the right are
          line two, and the middle one is a ground or something. so if you
          were going to hook up to line one you would put your clips like
          show in the picture. but some go across instead of up and down,
          and in the newer homes, all you have to do is just take your 
          fone over there caue there is already a jack in the box. but
          just experminet with it each time and you will get it. But
          the funnest boxes to go loot into are the ones behind shopping 
          centers. just go behind the building, and you should find a 
          big square box that will have all of lines in it. in these
          boxes, the terminals go like this,,,

             red -o  o- green
                  o  o
                  o  o
                  o  o
                  o  o

          all the way down, and there are usally two or three rows of them.
          just keep going down and you will find diffrenet lines. Well now
          your saying thats great, but i wish i knew if i was on wal-marts
          fone or billy bobs gun shop, well thats why god made this thing
          called and ANI (automatic number identifier). all one must do
          is call it, and it will give you back the number you are on.
          now down in 919, 1-800-my-ani-is IS a vaild ANI number. or
          as of 1/20/95 when i typed this at least.  just call it and
          it will tell you the line you are on. Now, knowing this can be 
          great fun, just get on k-marts line and answer the fone when it 
          rings and say "K-mart says Fuck off " well i'm sure you can think of
          something better, but thats just an example. Or another fun thing
          to do is to listen in on calls. thats why its better to have a 
          mute button. just hold down the button and pick up the fone, 
          and listen in. My freind go sick of picking up on people and hear
          them go "what was that?" well this helps when trying to find a 
          free line to call out of. Well thats about all i can think to
          say. If you have comments or questions, just leave me mail on 
          the Black Book (919) 779-8895 NUP Black Knight.

  

  BLACK CiRCLE PRODUCTiONS '95


























