 G R E E N Y world D O M I N A T I O N
             Task Force
              Presents:
         The Story of GREENY
               by Lobo



     One day in Lubbock, TX not so long ago, Susan "Yellowie" Hagstrom was 
sitting in her house doing the dishes when her boyfriend, James "Blewie" 
Allen, happened by.   Yellowie was shocked because her parents would *NEVER* 
approve of her having a boy in the house, even if they were home, which they 
were'nt.  Blewie (I know it's not spelled like the color) took advantage of 
her surprise, and shebecame pregnant.  If you want to know the juicy details 
of how: you're sick!! Nine months later, they had a son, who they named, you 
guessed it, Jacob Allen!  But, little did they know at this point that their 
pride n' joy would some day become Emperor of the World.
     GREENY, as he soon came to be called for obvious reasons, had a wonderful 
childhood.  He smiled!  He laughed!  He sat up by himself!  He ate solid food! 
 He even shit his drawers!  And these steps only took him the first twelve 
years of his life!  He then entered junior high, and had a relatively
uneventful seventh grade year.  But, eighth grade was a different story.  For 
Christmas that year, he received a computer and a modem!  But, not just any 
computer and modem, a brand new Mac Plus, and a top of the line 2400 baud 
modem!  By Valentine's Day, he had learned some numbers to some local BBSes.  
One of the first he called was Chaos (806-797-7501).  He chatted with the 
sysop, Seth The Man, when Lobo happened to be there abouts.  The Main Man 
chatted with GREENY as well, and learned some interesting things: 1. that 
GREENY went to Frenship J.H.S.; and 2. that he was in the honor choir there.  
Needless to say, Lobo was impressed.  Lobo and Seth The Man return to our 
story later.
      A month later, at about St. Patrick's Day, GREENY put up his first 
k-k00l Mac board, which was known as Mac Mayhem.  He posted ads for it in all 
CAPS on every sub of every board in town.  But, sadly, we lost Mac Mayhem a 
few weeks later.  Undaunted, GREENY tried again.  This time it was THE 
UNDERGROUND, an all teen BBS.  He again posted ads in all CAPS (only the great 
ones use all CAPS), but this time he posted his NUP, which was SMARTONE, in 
his ads, but no one was supposed to tell anyone.  THE UNDERGROUND went down a 
few weeks later, a terrible loss to the BBS community.  GREENY tried again 
with The Weather Board.  It gave weather stats for all of the areas around 
Lubbock.  The Weather Board was even more short-lived than it's predecessors, 
and we lost it soon after it went up.  (Sob, Sob!)  GREENY changed his handle 
to Cosmic Thing, but he's still GREENY as far as GwD is concerned.  He put up 
another k-rad Mac board called Channel "Z", and again there were ads just 
about everywhere.  This time, to get people to call his board, he even added
war3z and c0d3z to his board to get people to call.
      Their was a discussion about GREENY on Chaos, and Lobo decided that 
GREENY should become Emperor of the World, and with the help of Seth The Man, 
set up a sub to be the "newsletter" for the newly christened GREENY world 
DOMINATION Task Force, a group whose only goal is to make GREENY become the 
Emperor of the World.  Lobo heads this organization, and the ranks are 
displayed in GwD01.txt.
      Anyone wishing to join GwD should e-mail Lobo with the NDP (New Droog 
Password) which is SMARTONE, but don't tell anyone what it is!  GREENY for 
Emperor!!!!

note- This story is a fictional adaptation of GREENY's life.  Though the main 
points are the same, it should probably not be taken as the truth, though, I'm 
not going to stop you if you want it to be the truth.

copyright (c)1993, by Lobo.
GREENY World Domination Task Force copyright (c)1993, by Lobo.
All rights reserved to the Great Green Guy.                                   02
