        ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
        บ                     QiC Presents                         บ
        บ                    The Raffle Scam                       บ
        บ                      By Cyborg                           บ
        บ                                                          บ
        ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ


The Long awaited second issue of QiC is finally here.  I didn't have enough
time to write anything with finals at school. But anyway here it is.

You can easily make anywhere form $10 - $30 or more per hour selling 
raffle tickets for your own foney charity. I will make it easy just like
the last file by putting it into simple steps.

1. you mabey a few of your friends get together and think up what kind of
charity you will be running (ex. enviromental, helping the poor, etc.).
The charity you pick should be one that you know a little about. Be 
origional make up a club or charity name that is catchy and IS NOT being
used by anyone else.

2. Go to your local library and do a little research on the type of charity
you chose. You don't have to know every single detail, just enough that you
sound convincing

3. Pick a location for your Club/Charity to be located. pick a town that 
isn't close to you'r town but is still sort of close. if people ask where
you are located just say " We are based out of Dullsville but we are going 
to have a group starting up in this area soon"

4. Design what your raffle ticket will look like. When you design your ticket
it is helpfull to have a ticket from a real raffle to use as a guide.
Just remember to always have:
                                A. The name of your charity
                                B. Your Prizes
                                C. The date your raffle will be held
                                ( make it about 3 months from when you plan
                                to start)
                                D. That all winners will be contacted by 
                                phone
                                E. the price (keep it at $2.00 or less)

5. Look in the phone book for printers and find out the cheepest price
for the raffle tickets. Any printer will print these tickets for you, I've
never had them ask any questions either, so if they start asking just take
your bussiness elswhere.

6. Drop off your ticket design off at the printers and wait about a week for 
the printers to finish the tickets.

7. After the tickets are done you should go to a place where there are a lot
of people going in and out ( ex. Grocrey stores, Malls, etc.).



              -=PROBLEMS YOU MAY RUN INTO ALONG THE WAY=-

1. If a store manager asks for a letter from the group, to show that you 
arn't foney, just go home and use either your laser or jet printer to print
up a letterhead for your group and a letter to that store manager about 
your club/charity. The chances of this happening are verry low, it's only
happened to up one time.

2. If somone asks what your organization does, just use that resurch you
did at the library and relate it to your comunity if you can.

3. If you see somone you know that isn't in on the scam, DO NOT tell them 
what you are doing there. If they want to buy a ticket sell it to them you 
can give them the money back and explain later, if you tell them there somone
might overhear you and if that person calls the cops you will get busted.

4. If somone asks if your organization is legit, obviously you tell them that
it is legit, along with it make up something about what your organization 
does, but relate it to your library research and your comunity.




                        -=TIPS TO BETTER SALES=-


1. Look your customer in the eye's

2. Walk towards the customer, don't just stand there leaning against the 
side of the building

3. Bring change for a 20, some people will purposly pull out a 20 in hopes
that you don't have enough change, if you do have change they are sort of
pressured into buying one from you.

4. always have 2 or more pen's on you

5. Look respectable, if your clothes don't look clean or you just look like
a punk, a skater, a drug adict, or a heavy metal guy you arn't going to 
sell many tickets. To sell tickets good you have to look like a Jock, 
trendy, or preppie guy.



OK. well thats about it for now. Watch for more QiC publications comming 
soon. And if you would like to become a distro sight or writer d/l our app
and get back to us soon.



                                -=DISCLAMER=-

This file is meant for information purposes only. I am not responsible for
any of you who get caught doing anything illegal, that has anything to do 
with the subject of this or any other QiC file.
