
6. WORLDWIDE ASSISTANCE DIRECTORY
---------------------------------

    6.1.  Worldwide Sales Office Locations
    6.2.  Worldwide Help Desk Phone Numbers
    6.3.  Terminal Identifiers
    6.4.  Logon Options
    6.5.  Password Change Procedures
    6.6.  Network Messages
    6.7.  Cause and Diagnostic Codes
    6.8.  Glossary of Network Terms



6.1. Online Sales Office Directory
----------------------------------

This section allows you to search for the nearest sales office.

It allows you to type in either the two character State abbreviation
or Province identifiers for example:

AK = Alaska
CA = California

Or alternatively:

Type in the full country or state name such as:

United Kingdom, France
or
California, New York

If a country doesn't have it's own sales office the nearest sales office
or the supporting sales office for the country region is given.


Enter STATE, STATE ABBR, COUNTRY or <CR> to EXIT:




6.2. Welcome to the Online HELP-DESK Directory.
-----------------------------------------------

If you experience any problem in accessing the network, want to report a
faulty dialup number or report any other problem dial the nearest helpdesk.

The HELP-DESK will listen to your problem. If the problem cannot immediately
be remedied then the person will open a TICKET on the worldwide TICKET
system. The TICKET will be assigned and given to you will be a UNIQUE
number that you can use world-wide to request status updates from the
HELP-DESKs around the globe.

For dialup problem's, please have ready:

 - The telephone number giving the problem
 - If possible a hardcopy of the node's welcome banner.

For Node/Host problem's, please have ready:

 - Your site ID
 - Customer ID (CID)
 - Host number that is giving the problem
 - Node number you computer is connected to

Enter COUNTRY NAME, GNS or <CR> to EXIT:



6.3. TERMINAL IDENTIFIERS
-------------------------

  A terminal identifier indicates to the network the characteristics of your
  terminal. Most terminals can use the "A" terminal identifier.  However, if
  your terminal requires a carriage return delay, for example, then the "I"
  or the "E" identifier should be used.

  At  'please type your terminal identifier'  please enter:


   A  for PC's and CRT terminals (SAVE parity)
   C  for 300 baud Impact Printer Terminals
   E  for Thermal Printer Terminals like the SILENT 700 series
   F  for BETA transaction terminals
   G  for the GE Terminet at 1200 baud
   I  for 300 baud Thermal Printer Terminals
   K  for EVEN/ODD parity terminals  (future implementation)
   O  for MARK/SPACE parity terminals (BBS access)
   Y  for 300 baud Transaction terminals



6.4. Logon Options
-----------------

  At the 'please log in:' prompt the user can specify control characters
  to set the network to the needs of the user.
  For example when you are connected to a database and the data is
  coming in to fast you can backpressure the data by typing control S. The
  network however will only react on this command if you specified ^R at
  the logon step.

   ^E    - control E - Enter Full Duplex mode (future implementation)
   ^H    - control H - Enter Half Duplex mode - disable echo!!
   ^I    - control I - Build optimal circuit for Interactive traffic
   ^P    - control P - Force EVEN Parity
   ^R    - control R - Enable host backpressure X-on X-off
   ^U    - control U - Force terminal data to uppercase
   ^V    - control V - Build optimal circuit for Volume traffic
   ^W    - control W - Erase login up to last terminator
   ^X    - control X - Enable terminal backpressure X-on X-off
   ^Z    - control Z - Disconnect/Logoff
   ESC   - escape    - Discard login and get NEW please log in prompt
   BREAK - break     - Switch to CCITT X.3 X.28 X.29 PAD (selected nodes)



6.5. PASSWORD CHANGE PROCEDURES
-------------------------------

  Passwords to usernames can be easily changed if this option has been
  enabled by your account manager. Follow the 11 steps listed below.

  1.  Dial your local network access number.
  2.  Send the terminal identifier you normally use (for example 'A')
  3.  At the please log in: prompt type in 'PASSWORD' <carriage return>
  4.  A circuit will be established to the validation system, and you
      are prompted to enter the username for which you want to change
      the password.
  5.  If the name is correct, you are prompted for the old password.
  6.  Enter the old password.
  7.  If old password is correct, you are prompted for the new password.
  8.  Passwords must have a minimum length of 8 characters and must contain
      one or more non-alpha numeric character.
  9.  The new password is then checked for the valid format.
 10.  If the password format is valid, enter the new password once more.
      The system will immediately modify your password on the network.
 11.  The system disconnects, and you are back at 'please log in'




6.6. NETWORK MESSAGES
---------------------

  please log in:              - Type your logon string
  username:                   - Type your logon string
  password:                   - Enter the password for the username.
  error, type username:       - An INVALID username was entered.
  error, type password:       - An INVALID password was entered.
  access not permitted        - You are NOT allowed to access the requested
                                host from this network access point.
  please see your             - You have been unsuccessful to logon to the
  representative.               network, so the network disconnects you!!
                                Verify your username and password!
  try again in 2 minutes      - A network supervisor change is taking place.
  no path available           - Try again in a few minutes
  host down                   - The host is NOT reporting to the network.
  host shut                   - The host is reporting, but access is disabled,
                                or all ports are in use.
  host is online              - You are connected to the host.
  host not available          - Host is isolated from the network, try later.
  host out of ports           - All ports are in use at this time, try later.
  host not responding         - The host is answered, but does not respond,
                                this problem needs to be solved, try later.



6.7. Online CAUSE and DIAGNOSTIC Messages Database
--------------------------------------------------


Cause and diagnostic messages are sent whenever a session is terminated.
The two codes issued at the termination indicate the reason the session
was terminated. Cause 0, Diagnostic 0 is presented normally as :


     Host: Call cleared (c 0,d 0)


Means the call was cleared in a normal way, by the host.


This database contains all other clearing codes that normally
indicate an error condition generated or experienced by the network
or the host.



Enter CAUSE code or <CR> to exit: 00 00
Enter DIAGNOSTIC code:



CAUSE
=====
Decimal code:      0
Hexadecimal code:  0
Description:       DTE CLEARING



DIAGNOSTIC
==========
Decimal code:      0
Hexadecimal code:  0
Issued by:         CCITT
Protocol:          X.25
Year defined:      1980
Description:       NO ADDITIONAL INFO




6.8. MCI TELECOMMUNICATIONS GLOSSARY
------------------------------------

TRADEMARKS AND SERVICE MARKS

TYMNET, OnTyme, Dialcom, and TYMCOM are registered service marks of
MCI Telecommunications. ISIS, X.PC, XMAIL, and TYMNET Engine
are registered trademarks of MCI Telecommunications.
Async-to-3270 XE, TymDial, TYMNET78, TymValidate, TYMVISA, TYMUSA,
Pico-Engine, Micro-Engine, Mini-Engine, Turbo Engine, and Cyclopean
are trademarks of MCI Telecommunications.
PCMAIL is a service mark of MCI Telecommunications plc.

UNIX is a registered trademark of AT&T Bell Laboratories. IBM and
IBM AT are registered trademarks of International Business Machines
Corporation. MS-DOS is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation.
DEC and PDP are registered trademarks of Digital Equipment Corporation.
AppleTalk and LocalTalk are registered trademarks of Apple Computer,
Inc. NetWare and Novell are registered trademarks of Novell, Inc.

All other trademarks are the property of their respective companies.

While this documentation is substantially correct at the date of its
release, MCI Telecommunications is periodically revising its software
and hardware, and, consequently, this on-line documentation will be
updated intermittently. For further information regarding the current
documentation, consult your local sales representative.

MCI Telecommunications proprietary rights are included in the information
disclosed herein. The recipient, by receiving this document, agrees that
neither this document nor the information disclosed herein nor any part
thereof shall be reproduced or transferred to other documents or used or
disclosed to others for manufacturing or for any other purpose except as
specifically authorized in writing by MCI Telecommunications.

1994 MCI Telecommunications All rights reserved.

MCI Telecommunications
P.O. Box 49075
2560 North First Street
San Jose, CA 95161-9075
U.S.A.

Type QUIT to exit, NEXT for next record, BACK for previous record

Enter glossary term:


Thank you for using BT NORTH AMERICA's ON-LINE GLOSSARY. To place an
order for a hardcopy write or call:

     MCI Telecommunications
     P.O. Box 49075 MS C27
     2560 North First Street
     San Jose, CA 95161-9075
     U.S.A.

     Toll free (800)538-9350 ext. 8196
     Telephone (408)922-8196
     Fax       (408)922-7130

For a listing of other technical documentation choose

     7. Technical and User Documentation
        from the main menu.

  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴> Remember Where You Saw This Phile First <컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  컴컴컴컴컴> ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT +31.77.547477 The Netherlands <컴컴컴컴
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
