

          The Marquis de Cyberspace
          By:  WENDY COLE SPRINGFIELD
          
          Four months into his three tear sentence for transmitting obscene 
          images by computer, the man the Carnegie Mellon report calls a 
          modern-day Marquis de Sade hardly looks like a political cause 
          celebre.  Robert Thomas spends his day like any other inmate at 
          the U.S. Medical Center for Federal Prisoners in Springfield, 
          Missouri: cleaning the prison kitchen and laundry room and 
          waiting to hear whether his lawyers win get him out on appeal.  
          Thomas's case could well end up in the Supreme Court, where it 
          would set legal precedent for all of cyberspace.
               Thomas, 39, operator of the Amateur Action BBS in 
          Milpitas, California, made headlines last year when he and his 
          wife Carleen, 40, were indicted for transmitting pornographic 
          material to a government agent in Tennessee.  A jury in Memphis 
          wasted little time ruling that the images, which included 
          pictures of women having sex with animals-were obscene.  But his 
          case raised the tricky constitutional question of which locale's 
          or community standards should have been used to make that 
          judgment: Tennessee's Bible Belt, California's Bay Area or the 
          virtual community of cyberspace?
               Though he concedes that many might find his stockpile of 
          25,000 photos featuring S&M and hard-core sex distasteful, Thomas 
          insists he violated no laws.  "I don't feel I committed a crime 
          because I didn't offend anybody but a postal inspector in 
          Memphis," he says, referring to the government official who 
          launched the investigation.  Thomas also faces charges in Salt 
          Lake City of distributing images of naked children, but he insists 
          those images aren't sexually explicit.  "They are from nudist 
          colonies," he says.  "Many of them are family snapshots."
               On-line porn certainly pays, Thomas' income last year topped 
          $800,000, enabling the slight, shaggy-haired Californian to indulge
          in his two extracurricular passions: expensive cars and exotic birds.
          Subscriptions have more than doubled (to 7,000) since his arrest.  
          Some of the newcomers aren't even bothering to download the dirty 
          pictures; they seem to be offering their $99-per-year subscription 
          fees as donations to the cause.  The extra income will come in handy,
          since the Thomas's legal bills are approaching $250,000.
               Thomas didn't set out to make headlines or case law.
          A former furniture mover with an interest in computers, he opened 
          his BBS in 1991 with 12 photos and a single phone line.  He 
          worked hard.  He regularly put in 16-hour days, sometimes staying 
          up all night to scan new, hard-to-find photos for his collection.  
          At the time of his indictment he was spending $500 a week on fresh 
          material, much of it sent by scouts as far away as Denmark and 
          Brazil.  The slogan for his bulletin board came from closer to 
          home, however.  He was inspired by a visit to Disneyland, where a 
          sign outside proclaims it THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH.  His 
          computer system came to be known as "the nastiest place on earth."
               Whatever else might be said about him, Thomas does seem to 
          have a flair for marketing.  The trick, he says, is in how you 
          write the pitch lines that describe your pictures.  "You want to 
          make the descriptions like a menu," he explains.  "If your 
          selling a dry, tough steak, you want to make it sound as juicy as 
          you can." Among his favorite come-ons (and one of the few 
          suitable for publication): "Peek into the bathroom and see this 
          cutie sitting on the toilet!" A subscriber who chose to 
          download that photo would get a digitized picture of a 15-lb. 
          lobster. 
          