

          * COVER STORY
          
          On a Screen Near You:
          
                                     CYBERPORN
 
          
          
          It's popular, pervasive and surprisingly perverse, according to 
          the first survey of on-line erotica.  And there's no easy way to 
          stamp it out
          
          By: PHILIP ELMER-DEWITT
          
          SEX IS EVERYWHERE THESE DAYS-in books, magazines, films, 
          television, music videos and bus-stop perfume ads.  It is printed on 
          dial-a-porn business cards and slipped under windshield wipers.
          It is acted out by balloon-breasted models and actors with unflagging
          erections, then rented for $4 a night at the corner video 
          store.  Most ,Americans have become so inured to the open display 
          of eroticism-and the arguments for why it enjoys special 
          status under the First Amendment-that they hardly notice it's 
          there.
               Something about the combination of sex and computers, 
          however, seems to make otherwise worldly-wise adults a little 
          crazy.  How else to explain the uproar surrounding the 
          discovery by a U.S. Senator-Nebraska Democrat James Exon - that 
          pornographic pictures can be downloaded 'From the Internet and 
          displayed on a home 'Computer? This, as any computer-savvy 
          undergrad can testify, is old news.  Yet suddenly the press is on 
          alert, parents and teachers are up in arms, and lawmakers in 
          Washington are rushing to ban the smut from cyberspace with new 
          legislation-sometimes with little regard to either its 
          effectiveness or its constitutionality.
               If you think things are crazy now, though, wait until the 
          politicians get hold of a report coming out this week.  A re-search 
          team at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 
          has conducted-
          
          ducted an exhaustive study of on-line porn-what's available, who 
          is downloading it, what turns them on-and the findings (to be 
          published in the Georgetown Law journal) are sure to pour fuel on 
          an already explosive debate.
               The study, titled Marketing Pornography on the information 
          Superhighway, is significant not only for what it tells us about 
          what's happening on the computer networks but also for what it 
          tells us about ourselves.  Pornography's appeal is surprisingly 
          elusive.  It plays as much on fear, anxiety, curiosity and taboo 
          as on genuine eroticism.  The Carnegie Mellon study, drawing on 
          elaborate computer records of on-line activity, was able to measure 
          for the first time what people actually download, rather than 
          what they say they want to see.  "We now know what the consumers 
          of computer pornography really look at in the privacy of their own 
          homes," says Marty Rimm, the study's principal investigator.  
          "And we're finding a fundamental shift in the kinds of images 
          they demand."
               What the Carnegie Mellon researchers discovered was:
          There's an awful lot of porn on-line.  In an 18-month study, the 
          team surveyed 917,410 sexually explicit pictures, descriptions, 
          short stories and film clips.  On those Usenet newsgroups 
          where digitized images-ages are stored, 83.5% of the pictures were 
          pornographic.
          It is immensely popular.  Trading in sexually explicit imagery, 
          according to the report is now "one of the largest (if not the
          largest)
        
          * PORN IS IMMENSELY POPULAR: IN AN 18-MONTH STUDY, THE
          CARNEGIE MELLON RESEARCHERS FOUND SEXUALLY EXPLICIT PICTURES,
          SHORT STORIES AND FILM CLIPS ON-LINE *
          
          recreational applications of users of computer networks." At one 
          U.S. university, 13 of the 40 most frequently visited newsgroups 
          had names like alt.sex.stories, rec.arts.erotica and alt.sex.bondage.
          it is a big moneymaker.  The great majority (71%) of 
          the sexual images on the news-groups surveyed originate from 
          adult-oriented computer bulletin-board systems (BBS) whose 
          operators are trying to lure customers to their private 
          collections of X-rated material.  There are thousands of these 
          BBS services, which charge fees (typically $10 to $30 a month) 
          and take credit cards; the five largest have annual revenues in 
          (excess of $1 million.
          It is ubiquitous.  Using data obtained with permission from BBS 
          operators, the Carnegie Mellon team identified (but did not 
          publish the names of individual consumers in more than 2,000 
          cities in all 50 states and 40 countries, territories and 
          provinces around the world-including some countries like China, 
          where possession of pornography can be a capital offense.
          It is a guy thing.  According to the BBS operators, 98.9% of the 
          consumers of on-line porn are men.  And there is some evidence that 
          many of the remaining 1.1% are women paid to hang out (in the 
          "chat" rooms and bulletin boards to make the patrons feel more 
          comfortable. It is not just naked women.  Perhaps because 
          hard-core sex pictures are so widely available elsewhere, the 
          adult BBS market seems to be driven largely by a demand for 
          images that can't be found in the average magazine rack: 
          pedophilia (nude photos of children), hebephilia (youths) and 
          what the researchers call paraphilia - a grab bag of "'deviant" 
          material that includes images of' bondage, sadomasochism, 
          urination, defecation, and sex acts with a barnyard full of 
          animals.
               The appearance of material like this on, a public network 
          accessible to men, women and children around the world arises 
          issues too important to ignore or to oversimplify.  Parents have 
          legitimate concerns about what their kids are being exposed to 
          and, conversely, what those children might miss if their access to 
          the Internet were cut off.  Lawmakers must
          
          balance public safety with their obligation to preserve essential 
          civil liberties.  Men and women have to come to terms with what 
          draws them to such images.  And computer programmers have to come 
          up with more enlightened ways to give users control over a network 
          that is, by design, largely out of control.
               The Internet, of course, is more than a place to find 
          pictures of people having sex with dogs.  It's a vast marketplace 
          of ideas and information of all sorts-on politics, religion, 
          science and technology.  If the fast-growing World Wide Web 
          fulfills its early promise, the network could be a powerful 
          engine of economic growth in the 21st century.  And as the 
          Carnegie Mellon study is careful to point out, pornographic image 
          files, despite their evident popularity, represent only about 3% 
          of all the messages on the Usenet newsgroups, while the Usenet 
          itself represents only 11.5% of the traffic on the Internet.
               As shocking and, indeed, legally obscene as some of the 
          on-line porn may be, the researchers found nothing that can't be 
          found in specialty magazines or adult bookstores.
          Most of the material offered by the private BBS services, in 
          fact, is simply scanned from existing print publications.
               But pornography is different on the computer networks.  You 
          can obtain it in the privacy of your home-without having to walk 
          into a seedy bookstore or movie house.  You can download only 
          those things that turn you on, rather than buy an entire magazine 
          or video.  You can explore different aspects of your sexuality 
          without exposing yourself to communicable diseases or public 
          ridicule. (Unless, of course, someone gets hold of the computer 
          files tracking your on-line activities, as happened earlier this 
          year to a couple dozen crimson-faced Harvard students.)
               The great fear of parents and teachers, of course, is not 
          that college students will find this stuff but that it will fall 
          into the hands of those much younger including some, perhaps, who 
          are not emotionally prepared to make sense of what they see.
               Ten-year-old Anders Urmacher, a student at the Dalton School in 
          New York City  who likes to hang out with other kids in the Treehouse chat room 
          on America On-line, got Email from a stranger that contained a 
          mysterious file with instructions for how to download it.  He 
          followed the instructions, and then he called his mom.  When Linda 
          Mann Urmacher opened the file, the computer screen filled with 10 
          thumbnail-size pictures showing couples engaged in various acts of 
          sodomy, heterosexual intercourse and lesbian sex.  "I was not 
          aware that this stuff was on-line," says a shocked Mann Urmacher.  
          "Children should not be subjected to these images."
               This is the flip side of Vice President AI Gore's vision of 
          an information superhighway linking every school and library in 
          the land.  When the kids are plugged in, will they be exposed to 
          the seamiest sides of human sexuality? Will they fall prey to 
          child molesters hanging out in electronic chat rooms?
               It's precisely these fears that have stopped Bonnie Fell of 
          Skokie, Illinois, from signing up for the Internet access her 
          three boys say they desperately need.  "They could get bombarded 
          with X-rated porn, and I wouldn't have any idea," she says.  
          Mary Veed, a mother of three from nearby Hinsdale, makes a point 
          of trying to keep up with her computer-literate 12-year-old, but 
          sometimes has to settle for monitoring his phone bill.  "Once they 
          get to be a certain age, boys don't always tell Mom what they do," 
          she says.
               "We face a unique, disturbing and urgent circumstance, 
          because it is children who are the computer experts in our 
          nation's families," said Republican Senator Dan Coats of Indiana 
          during the debate over the controversial anti-cyberporn bill he 
          cosponsored with Senator Exon.
               According to at least one of those experts-16-year-old David 
          Slifka of  Manhattan  the danger of being bombarded with unwanted 
          pictures is greatly exaggerated.  "If you don't want them you 
          won't get them," says the veteran Internet surfer.  Private adult 
          BBS's require proof of age (usually a driver's license) and are 
          off-limits to minors, and kids have to master some fairly daunting 
          computer science before they can turn so-called binary files on 
          the Usenet into high-resolution color pictures.  "The chances of 
          randomly coming across them are unbelievably slim," says Slifka.
               While groups like the Family Research Council insist that 
          on-line child molesters represent a clear and present danger, there 
          is no evidence that it is any greater than the thousand other threats
          
          * THE BIGGEST DEMAND IS NOT FOR HARD-CORE SEX PICTURES BUT FOR
          MATERIAL INCLUDING PEDOPHILIA, BONDAGE, SADOMASOCHISM AND SEX
          ACTS WITH VARIOUS ANIMALS *
          
          every day.  Ernie Allen, executive director of the National Center 
          for Missing and Exploited Children, acknowledges that there have been
          10 or 12 "fairly high-profile cases" in the past year of children 
          being seduced or lured on-line into situations where they are 
          victimized.  
          Kids who are not on-line are also at risk, however; more than 
          800,000 children are reported missing every year in the U.S.
               Yet it is in the name of the children and their parents that 
          lawmakers are racing to fight  cyberporn.  The first blow was 
          struck by Senators Exon and Coats, who earlier this year 
          introduced revisions to an existing law called the Communications 
          Decency Act.  The idea was to extend regulations written to govern 
          the dial-a-porn industry into the computer networks.  The bill 
          proposed to outlaw obscene material and impose fines of up to 
          $100,000 and prison-on terms of up to two years on anyone who 
          knowingly makes "indecent" material available to children under 
          18.
               The measure had problems from the start.  In its original 
          version it would have made on-line-service providers criminally 
          liable for any obscene communications that passed through their 
          systems - a provision that, given the way the networks operate,  
          would have put the entire Internet at risk. Exon and Coats 
          revised the bill but left in place the language about using 
          "indecent" words on-line.  "It's a frontal assault on the First 
          Amendment," says Harvard law professor Laurence Tribe.  Even 
          veteran prosecutors ridicule it.  "It won't pass scrutiny even in 
          misdemeanor court," says one.
               The Exon bill bad been written off  for dead only a few 
          weeks ago.  Republican Senator Larry Pressler of  South
          Dakota, chairman of the Commerce committee, w which has 
          jurisdiction over the larger telecommunications-reform act to 
          which it is attached, told  Time that he intended to move to 
          table it.
               That was before Exon showed up in the Senate with his 
          "blue book." Exon had asked a friend to download some of the 
          rawer images available on-line.  "I knew it was bad," he says.  
          "But then when I got on there, it made Playboy and Hustler look like 
          Sunday-school stuff." 
          He had the images printed out, stuffed them in a blue folder and 
          invited his colleagues to stop by his desk on the Senate floor to 
          view them.  At the end of the debate-which was carried live on 
          C-SPAN few Senators wanted to cast a nationally televised vote 
          that might later be characterized as pro-pornography.  The bill 
          passed 84 to 16.
               Civil libertarians were outraged.  Mike Godwin, staff counsel 
          for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, complained that the 
          indecency portion of the bill would transform the vast library of 
          the Internet into a children's reading room, where only subjects 
          suitable for kids could be discussed.  "Its government  censorship,"
          said Marc Rotenberg of the Electronic Privacy Information Center.
          "The First Amendment shouldn't end where the Internet begins."
               The key issue, according to legal scholars, is whether the 
          Internet is a print medium (like a news-paper), which enjoys 
          strong protection against government interference, or a broadcast 
          medium (like television), which may be subject to all sorts of 
          government control.  Perhaps the most significant import of the Exon 
          bill, according to EFF's Godwin, is that it would place the 
          computer networks under the jurisdiction of the Federal Communications
          Commission, which enforces, among other rules, the 
          injunction against using the famous seven dirty words on the 
          radio.  In a TIME/CNN poll Of 1,000 Americans conducted last week 
          by Yankovich Partners, respondents were sharply split on the 
          issue: 42% were for FCC like control over sexual content on the 
          computer net-works; 48% were against it.
               By week's end the balance between protecting speech and 
          curbing pornography seemed to be tipping back toward the 
          libertarians.  In a move that surprised conservative supporters, 
          House Speaker Newt Gingrich denounced the Exon amendment.  "It 
          is clearly a violation of free speech, and it's a violation of the 
          right of adults to communicate with each other," he told a caller 
          on a cable-TV show.  It was a key defection, because Gingrich 
          will preside over the computer-decency debate when it moves to the House 
          in July.  Mean-while, two U.S. Representatives, Republican 
          Christopher Cox of California and Democrat Ron Wyden of Oregon, 
          were putting together an anti-Exon amendment that would bar 
          federal regulation of the Internet and help parents find ways to 
          block material they found objectionable.
               Coincidentally, in the closely watched case of a University 
          of Michigan student who published a violent sex fantasy on the 
          Internet and was charged with transmitting a threat to injure or 
          kidnap across state lines, a federal judge in Detroit last week 
          dismissed the charges.  The judge ruled that while Jake Baker's 
          story might be deeply offensive, it was not a crime.
               How the Carnegie Mellon report will affect the delicate 
          political balance on the cyberporn debate is anybody's guess. 
          Conservatives thumbing through it for rhetorical ammunition 
          will find plenty.  Appendix B lists the most frequently 
          downloaded files from a popular adult BBS, providing both the 
          download count and the two-line descriptions posted by the 
          board's operator.  Suffice it to say that they all end in ex-
          exclamation points, many include such phrases as "nailed to a 
          table!" and none can be printed in TIME.
               How accurately these images reflect America's sexual 
          interests, however, is a matter of some dispute.  University of 
          Chicago sociologist Edward Laumann, whose 1994 Sex in America 
          survey painted a far more humdrum picture of America's sex life, 
          says the Carnegie Mellon study may have captured what he calls the 
          "gaper phenomenon." "There is a curiosity for things that are 
          extraordinary and way out," he says.  "Ifs like driving by a 
          horrible accident.  No one wants to be in it, but we all slow down 
          to watch."
               Other sociologists point out that the difference between the 
          Chicago and Carnegie Mellon reports may be more apparent than 
          real.  Those 1 million or 2 million people who download pictures 
          from the Internet represent a self-selected group with an interest 
          in erotica.  The Sex in America respondents, by contrast, were a 
          few thousand people selected to represent a cross section of all 
          America.
               Still, the new research is a gold mine for psychologists, 
          social scientists, computer marketers and anybody with an interest 
          in human sexual behavior.  Every time computer users logged on to 
          one of these bulletin boards, they left a digital trail of their
          transactions, allowing the pornographers to compile data bases 
          about their buying habits and sexual tastes.  The more sophisticated
          operators were able to adjust their inventory and their descriptions to match 
          consumer demand.
               Nobody did this more effectively than Robert Thomas, owner of 
          the Amateur Action BBS in Milpitas, California, and a kind of 
          modern-day Marquis de Sade, according to the Carnegie Mellon 
          report.  He is currently serving time in an obscenity case that 
          maybe headed for the Supreme Court.
               Thomas, whose BBS is the on-line-porn market leader, 
          discovered that he could boost sales by trimming soft and hard
          core images from his data base while front-loading his files with 
          pictures of sex acts with animals (852) and nude prepubescent 
          children (more than 5,000), his two most popular categories of 
          porn.  He also used copywriting tricks to better serve his 
          customers' fantasies.  For example, he described more than 1,200 of 
          his pictures as depicting sex scenes between family members 
          (father and daughter, mother and son), even though there was no 
          evidence that any of the participants were actually related.  
          These "incest" images were among his biggest sellers, accounting 
          for 10% of downloads.
               The words that worked were some-times quite revealing.  
          Straightforward oral sex, for example, generally got a lukewarm 
          response.  But when Thomas described the same images using words 
          like choke or choking, consumer demand doubled.
               Such findings may cheer  anti-pornography activists; as 
          feminist writer Andrea Dworkin puts it, "the whole purpose of 
          pornography is to hurt women." Catharine MacKinnon, a professor 
          of law at the University of Michigan, goes further.  Women are 
          doubly violated by pornography, she writes in Vindication and 
          Resistance, one of three essays in the forthcoming George-town 
          Lawjournal that offer differing views on the Carnegie Mellon 
          report.  They are violated when it is made and exposed to 
          further violence again and again every time it is consumed.  
          "The question pornography poses in cyberspace," she writes, "is 
          the same one it poses everywhere else: whether anything will be 
          done about it."
               But not everyone agrees with Dworkin and MacKinnon, by any 
          means; even some feminists think there is a place in life and the 
          Internet for erotica.  In her new book, Defending Pornography, 
          Nadine Stross argued that censoring sexual expression would 
          do women more harm than good, undermining their equality, their 
          autonomy and their freedom.
               The Justice Department, for its part, has not asked for
          new antiporn legislation. Distributing obscene material across 
          state lines is already illegal under federal law,
          and child pornography in particular is vigorously prosecuted.  
          Some 40 people in 14 states were arrested two years ago in 
          Operation Longarm for exchanging kiddie porn online.  And one of 
          the leading characters in the Carnegie Mellon study a former Rand 
          McNally executive named Robert Capella, who left book publishing 
          to make his fortune selling pedophilia on the networks was 
          extradited from Tijuana, and is now awaiting sentencing in a 
          New Jersey jail.
          For technical reasons, it is extremely difficult to stamp out
          anything on the Internet, particularly Images Stored on the Usenet 
          newsgroups.  As Internet pioneer John Gilmore famously put it,
          "The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it."
          There are border issues as well.  Other countries on 
          the Internet, France, for instance-are probably no more 
          interested in having their messages screened by U.S. censors than 
          Americans would be in having theirs screened by, say, the 
          government of Saudi Arabia.
          
               Historians say it should come as no surprise that the 
          Internet the most democratic of media would lead to new calls for 
          censorship.  The history of pornography and efforts to suppress it 
          are inextricably bound up with the rise of new media and the 
          emergence of democracy.  According to Walter Kendrick, author of
          The Secret Museum: Pornography in Modem Culture, the mod-ern concept 
          of pornography was invented in the 19th century by European 
          gentlemen whose main concern was to keep obscene material away 
          from women and the lower classes.  Things got out of hand with 
          the spread of literacy and education, which made pornography 
          available to anybody who could read.  Now, on the computer 
          networks, anybody with a computer and a modem can not only consume 
          pornography but distribute it as well.  On the Internet, anybody 
          can be Bob Guecione.
               That might not be a bad idea, says Carlin Meyer, a professor 
          at New York Law School whose Georgetown essay takes a far less 
          apocalyptic view than MacKinnon's.  She argues that if you 
          don't like the images of sex the pornographers offer, the 
          appropriate response is not to suppress them but
          to overwhelm them with healthier, more realistic ones.  Sex on 
          the Internet, she maintains, might actually be good for young 
          people. "[Cyberspace] is a safe space in which to explore the 
          forbidden and the taboo," she writes.  "It offers the possibility 
          for genuine, unembarrassed conversations about accurate as well as 
          fantasy images of sex."
               That sounds easier than it probably is.  Pornography is 
          powerful stuff, and as long as there is demand for it, there 
          will always be a supply.  Better software tools may help cheek the 
          worst abuses, but there will never be a switch that will cut it 
          off entirely not without destroying the unbridled expression that 
          is the source of the Internet's (and democracy's) greatest 
          strength.  The hard truth, says John Perry Barlow, co-founder of 
          the EFF and father of three young daughters, is that the burden 
          ultimately falls where it always has: on the parents.  "If you 
          don't want your children fixated on filth," he says, better step
          up to the tough task of raising them to find it as distasteful as 
          you do yourself." 

          -Reported by Hannah Bloch/Washington
                       Wendy Cole/Chicago and Sharon E Epperson/New York
          
          
