
             - A U S T R A L I A N  A R M Y  I N F A N T R Y -
            - C A M O U F L A G E  A N D  C O N C E A L M E N T -

        At a great risk, =MAIM= has managed to bring to you the Australian
Army's infantry camouflage and concealment procedure. This information
is currently RESTRICTED, and is impossible (until now) for non-authorized
civilians to obtain.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                             RESTRICTED
              The information given in this document is
              not to be communicated, either directly or
              indirectly, to the Press or to any person
              not authorized to receive it.

1. Camouflage & Concealment.
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Defn: Disguise of guns, ships, etc. by obscuring with splashes of various
      colours, smoke screens, foliage, etc. and to hide or keep secret.

Camouflage and Concealment is used for evasive purposes or penetrating
hostile areas.

  The three (3) areas of personal camouflage are ;

  (i) Face & Hands - all visible flesh must be camouflaged as it is very
                     distinguishable to the enemy, therefore making you
                     an easy target. This can be achieved through the
                     proper application of camouflage cream, dirt, mud,
                     burnt corks, or anything that will break up the
                     features of the face.
 (ii) Webbing & Head - the body's webbing and headgear are also easily
                       distinguishable and their shape must be broken up
                       with grass, twigs, leaves. Pieces of hesian over
                       the top of the headgear allows bracken to be
                       placed into breaking up the outline further.
(iii) Weapon - the silhouette of the weapon must be broken up as well as
               the reflecting parts of the weapon covered with non
               reflecting material such as hesian.

  The six (6) areas of concealment are ;

  (i) Shape - avoid contrasts with background especially with webbing
              and headgear. The breaking up of the body's shape is most
              important. When on the ground not lying in visible open
              spaces as opposed to lying in suitable undergrowth.
 (ii) Silhouette - avoiding the body's outline against the skyline, day
                   or night as it makes an easy target for the enemy.
                   Also avoid body outline against smooth objects
(iii) Shadow - avoid open areas when moving and when moving move in the
               shadows to further break up the body's outline.
 (iv) Surface - avoid moving near or upon surfaces that will reflect the
                body's outline giving away your position to the enemy.
  (v) Spacing - when moving through the bush in a section avoid regular
                spacing between section members as it is easy to see the
                strength of the section and plan the appropriate ambush.
 (vi) Movement - avoid sudden movements as this gives away the position
                 of yourself, move slowly and carefully plan your
                 movements in advance so as not to be caught out of
                 cover.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(Ed-after the end of the above document there is the following pages
which have been written on a modern word-processor, while the above was
typed up on a typewriter. On all pages the word "RESTRICTED" is written
at the top and bottom of the page.)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                    DSN 7610-66-058-5570

                 CAMOUFLAGING YOUR BODY & EQUIPMENT

1 Before camouflage
Think SHAPE, SHADOW, SHINE, SURFACE and use it as a checklist. Areas to
concentrate on are the shapes of your headgear, rifle, webbing, headgear
shadow, and shine from your rifle and L-tool.

2 How to do it
Sew elastic strips on your webbing to hold local camouflage. Put your
L-tool in a sandbag: it doesn't just shine, it also makes noise! Attach
scrim on a piece of hesian to your shoulders to cover the whole of your
back. This, like your headgear should be covered with strips of scrim
or hesian material.

3 After camouflage
Local camouflage secured on equipment and the body with black elastic. It
must be secure enough not to fall out when you move or go for cover.

COLOUR
~~~~~~
        Though most modern combat uniforms are now in a disruptive
pattern camouflage, there may be times when this is less helpful. If you
are evading capture and are unarmed, drab civilian outdoor clothing will
be less conspicuous if you encounter civilians.
        The trouble with camouflage-type clothing is that in the wrong
environment, like cities, it seems to do the opposite it was intended to
do. In fighting in built-up areas a camouflage of greys, browns and dull
reds would be better. The use of sacking and empty sand bags as scrim
covers would help here.
        Natural vegetation used to garnish headgear and equipment will
fade and change colour. Leaves curl up and show their pale
under-surfaces. You may have put grass in your hat band and find
yourself in dark bush; or be wearing dark green ferns when you are
moving across a patch of pale, open grass land. Check and change your
local camouflage regularly.
        The most obvious colour that needs camouflaging is that of human
skin, and for that you need cam. paint. A common mistake is to smear
paint over the front of the face and to miss the neck, ears and back of
the hands.
        Camouflage cream needs to be renewed as you move and sweat. A
simple pattern is to take stripes diagonally across the face - this cuts
through the vertical and horizontal lines of the eyes, nose and mouth.
Some camouflage creams have two colours, in which case you can use the
dark colour to reduce the highlights formed by the bridge of the nose,
cheek bones, chin and forehead. The lighter colour is used on areas of
shadow.

ASSOCIATION
~~~~~~~~~~~
        The enemy may not see you, but he might spot your equipment or
refuse and associate that with a possible unit on the move. A cluster of
radio antennas shows that a company HQ is on the move or dug in. The
cans stacked near a vehicle park, perhaps with white tape around them,
are likely to be fuel. To a trianed observer the unusual - a flash from
a plastic map case, or the smell of cooking - will alert him and he will
bring his own sensors to bear on the area. This association must be
avoided by such means as disguise, hiding or altercation. If you have a
large radio antenna you could disguise it as a sapling, you could hide
it behind a tree or outcrop or you could bend it into an abnormal shape.

Remember - SHAPE
           SHADOW
           SHINE
           SURFACE

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Well there you have it. NOTE- the above is only the first six
pages of a booklet, the rest I do not, and probably can not, get.
However I do have other ADF restricted information on Control Of
Movement, Silent Field Signals, RATEL (radio procedure), Map Reading &
Navigation, Field Craft-Contact Drill And Tactics (which includes such
goodies as ambushes, breaking ambushes, assault and defence). I will put
these out if I get a good response from this txt file. I am currently
looking for a d00d with a scanner to do some scanning of various
documents I have. If you are a bit of an anarchist and own a scanner,
you can contact me on aFFiLiaTeD CRiMe, using the account name "MAIM", 
password "anarchy".

.\\orbid .\ngel
     =MAIM=   
  [DiE Trial]
