€ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ€ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ€
€ PUD: Pizza Underground Digest.                              € Feb. 22 1993 €
€ Issue 2, Volume 1, Chapter 1, Epic 1.                       €‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹€
€‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹€

        " A Big man walked into a store and ordered a brandy."
                                                        -Unknown

˛ Mail Section.

      Well seeing how I just wrote the first issue there is no repsonse
   yet. Darn. Shucks. Too bad. SO I guess I will make some up, just play
   along...

   From: Old Closed Headed Person
   To  : Baphomet the Limbo King

      I found the lesbian reference in the first issue HIGHLY offensive.
    if this does not stop, I shall form a group called DAPCUG to ward off
    little evil doers like yourself.

      Of course it's obvious I made that up, but that is the exact type of
   message I expect from most of the local people who will read this.

˛ That crazy, go-happy-lucky town, HuntsVegas.

      VBBS. That is the first thing that comes to your mind when making
   your way through this modem hell. The second, Lamers. They abound here
   obviously re-producing at a rate that would have the almost any rabbit
   turn green with envy. The third thought? Well it depends. It could be a
   number of things but it doesn't really matter, huntsville sucks. The 
   few quality people there just aren't enough to bring up the average.
     To prove my point here is a little story. The names have been changed
   to protect all involved. 

       It was a nice day when a certain sysop, Acoustic Saint decided to 
       take his board down. The reasons where his and do not need to be 
       repeated here. But when he took his board down he made sure to 
       leave a long story of what DID not happen to his board. And fore-
       most he listed that a virus did not HARM his board in anyway. But
       what do you know, the talk all over that fine town was of how a 
       virus took him down. And certain people, oh like, um, shadow geek
       would even argue the fact with you. To bad the all couldn't read 
       the letter on his board. Yhea stupidity wins again.

      That was but a mere sampling of the rampant lameness that flows 
   through this mighty city called, huntsvegas.
   
˛ VNET, that fine, fine, fine message net.

      That is of course if rampant lies, travesties and idiots are fun to
   you and they could be. But how? You beg does one have fun on VNET? Well
   easy I reply with simple messages. Messages? How? Oh just things like
   "Damn VBBS sucks" is assured to get you at least 15 messages in reply. 
   But VNET is so much fun you don't even have to really crack on it to 
   offend it's particpants, I mean afterall they are the rejects of all 
   other nets. Usually just a mild statement about QuickBasic will piss  
   them off greatly, oh well.

˛ Death.

      It happens. Too fucking bad.  
      
˛ Mail? Hate or otherwise address it to:

      Baphomet the Limbo King   WWIVNET 2506@14
      NO COURiER                WWIVNET 2506@36

˛ Support Boards

      See Line 93.

˛˛˛ End of PUD 1:2, "The dog growled in a mean tone, I shot it. Oops."     ˛˛˛














