ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»ÚÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¿
ºpudpudpudpudpudpudpudpudº³ PUD: Pizza Underground Digest (c)1993 Oooga Inc. ³
ºpudp²ÛÛÛdpÛdpÛdpÛÛ²udpudºÃÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ´
ºpudp²dp²dp²dp²dpÛdp²dpudº³ PUD Number 19, Volume 02, Chapter 345, Epic 01   ³
ºpudp±±²²dp±dp²dp²dp±dpudº³ Release on the Date: Whatever month this is 11   ³
ºpudp°dpudp±dp±dp²dp°dpudº³ Lines contained in the issue: 2314               ³
ºpudp°dpudp°°°±dp±±°udpudº³ PUD Serving the modem public since Late Feb. '93 ³
ºpudpudpudpudpudpudpudpudº³ For Help and Info look elsewhere.                ³
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

		"Oh that's clever..."
								Dig discussing his love for someone.

ş Mail?

     Yes actual real mail that almost mentions PUD somewhere off in it...
     
   Name: Plaid Ninja #4 @2506
   Date: Thu Apr 08 03:33:11 1993

   RE: Your sad.

   during times past i and that wodnerfully articulate(NOT!)Baphomet had 
   engaged in a steady bid war for the privelage of owning one slighlty 
   house broken little non talking sister type thing. recently however i 
   had a pair of experiences which convinced me to abandon this quest. the 
   first of these was THE PHONE CALL. plaid"hey, is digital there?" talking 
   girl"no he isn't"plaid"could you possibly have him call me when he gets
   in?"talking girl"WELL HOLD ON ONE FUCKING SECOND, I'VE ONLY HAD 5000 
   PHONE CALLS ALREADY, LET ME WRITE THIS DOWN LEST I FORGET IT!!!!!!!" ah, 
   so pleasant. then, there is the door. plaid"is digital here?" talking 
   girl"no, should he be?"plaid"do you know wht he is driving, i was supposed 
   to meet him."talking girl"I THINK HE'S WALKING, IS THERE A PROBLEM WITH 
   THAT!!!!!!" this has prompted two things, a - i am thinking of changing 
   my handle to the beffuddled ninja and b- i now revise my bid to a total 
   of 37 cents. and i am probably getting ripped off....
                the plaid one

	 Well damn it this made me drop me offer to 5 bucks. But hey she can
	 almost stick her feet behind her head that has got to be worth almost
	 something I think.
	 
   Name: John McAffee #7 @2312
   Date: Fri Apr 09	11:12:11 1993

   RE: Die you damn av fag.
   
       Dear mister King, we here at the best virus scanning group in the
   world are beginning to take great offense at your constant ridicule of
   our programs. And much of the personal talk about me and Patti is purely
   speculation on your part at best, and it is close to being slander. If 
   the late-night phone calls from "unknown" parties do not stop soon, I 
   shall be informing the police of your many threats against me. Further
   my wife, Mary, has told you she no longer loves you. So please leave her
   alone. The pictures of yourself are getting quite sadisitic. And if you 
   ever make another pass at my daughter I will... Ahh you almost had me
   mister King but I will not stoop to your level. Calmer heads will almost
   always prevail... 

     DAMN! Well there is always tommorrow.
    
ş Dream Weaver.

     Do you ever dream? Well? Do you know how to make a valid analysis of
     your dreams? Well here is a few tips:
     
     o You dream of falling.
       You wish you were me. Your goal in life is to be as k_rAd c00l as
       I am. And although you may try you will never reach my plain.
       
     o You dream of Dying.
       You wish to sacrifice yourself to me. Buy hey who doesn't it is a
       very natural reaction among most people. So just keep trying.
	   
     o You dream of sex with cows.
       You want to meet NO COURiER's sister.
       
     o You dream of slow pathetic BBS's.
       Your father first name is Roland.
       
     o You dream of h0t NeW wArEz.
       Jesus, are you pathetic you vile scum.
       
     o Anything else.
       Is false. If you aren't dreaming of me, then it doesn't really count
       now does it? No I don't have an ego, I am just the god of everything,
       hey, it's nothing special.
       
ş Torture Anyone?

     Put her in the comfy chair!
     
ş VMB?

     If you really want to call me. Dial (205)351-0829 ask for Chris.
     Really.
     Seriously.
     It's not a VMB.
     Buy hey I'm cheap.
     I think.

ş Poemz.

     Ode to MoOgA part 2: The brandishire project.
     
	 And then from across the sea she came.
     A whale so large everyone feared her bane,
     but harsh she was not for she was the queen.
     And all longed to be part of her dream.
	 
     Oh mooga, mooga how benign you are.
     You look like you got cancer.
     You silly bitch.
     Your a damn superstar.
     
     But then somewhere in the north,
     a man amd his ape had suddenly put forth
     A project so harsh, so mean that all feared
     what this man could do with merely a beard.
     
     Oh mooga, mooga how sublime you are.
     You smell like tuna surprise.
     You fat-ass whale.
     Your a damn superstar.
	 
     And this man's beard grew as did his shoe
     but why his shoe? Who knew?
     
     Oh mooga, mooga how rodime you are.
     You taste like your rotten.
     You skanky-fish.
     Your a damn superstar.
	 
ş PUD Prank Calls Revisisted.

     By: FrEd tHe HiTmAn
     [Please Deposit 2.30]
     [Press, Press, etc...]
     [Thank you for using AT&T]
     "Ja?"
     "Como USTA USTED FrEd?"
     "Ja? Zer is no Fered hear."
     "Tu madre es un FrED?"
     "Noz, no fRed Hear."
     "eSO CE Kue S fRed?!?!"
     "No zwhere are you callin froom?"
     "Como, Pupitre, Lima Puru."
     "Zu muhst have diaaled ze wroong Nuumber."
     "FrED?!"
     Silence.
     "Fred?!?!!?"
     Silence.
     "COMMO FRED!?!?!!?!"
     [Click]
     
ş Death before...

     Quick little opinion. Death before anything?!?!? Yhea fucking right. 
     Life is the most valuable thing in the universe to me. Why on earth 
     would I let a shallow concpet such as honer, trust, love, etc...
     come before my very existance? Well? For one of no faith such as me,
     Anything before Death is just really stupid. Put yourself first for
     once, screw humanity. Screw Everyone else. Be selfish.
	 
ş Grape Jam.

     "...mack daddy BOOM I eat my grape jam with a fuckin' spooon..."
     
ş 6.4?

     For thos interested in Red Boxing but can't get the crappy-ass crystals
     they say you need, here is a little tip, according to fReD the nice
     little 6.4mhz will work. And in all actuallity it is more acurate on 
     the timing than the 6.5536. Why? The 6.5536 makes a 34.5ms tone and the
     same for pauses where as the 6.4mhz crystal give you a nice robust 35.1
     ms timing. Hey you can't always get what you want...
	 
ş Laugh.

	 ...I am SOOO DESPERATE for a woman, back where I used to live...
	 
     ahehehaehehaehaeeah, snort, pant, yhea sure.
     
ş Save the Earth!!!

     According to Weekly World News, a very respected paper, on the 27 of 
     this month 1.8 billion chinese plan on jumping up and down and knocking 
     the world out of orbit! Those damn suicidal maniacs! But is loyal 
     americans can stop them. Yes get you are and all of your friends at 6:35 
     eastern can jump up and down and stop this damn chinese plot to destroy 
     the earth and all it's beloved creatures.
     
ş Recycle or Die.

     Fuck off. 
	 
ş Ok I know it's obvious but...

     What is brown and sounds like a bell?
	 
     Dung.
	 
     Damn, Monty Python was all kind of swass.
	 
ş Why virus writers belong in hell.

	 Someone please explain this to me?! I read it constantly on every damn
	 net there is. But it is something I do not understand. So could someone
	 please explain this concept of rotting in hell=really good programmer?
	 Just wondering. Oh BTW according to real knowledgable folks RSA has 
	 been cracker, virus writers are breaking the law and murder is still a
	 crime. Yhea! Thank fucking god for Netmail.
	 
ş For sale.

     One sorry ass ESDI drive for like 250bucks it is like 300+meg, send
     mail to NO COURiER asking about it. Querstions he really enjoys are
     is it External? Does it work off of my IDE controller? Will you take
     a kitten in exchange...
	 
ş Hackin' a LaMeR's account.

     Hey sometime in your life you really want to give that special someone
     a special something, so why not hack his/her account?! It seems like a
     good idea to me. So here is what you do. The Basics. First off all you
     would be suprised how many people, especiall on alias boards use thier
     real first or middle name as a password. Also thier street name, where
     the work, spouse's name, pet's kid's etc... In other words get just a 
     ittle knowledge on the person and let us just say about 70% of the 
     time you will be able to get thier password. Also words such as "hello"
     "smile" and emetions tend to be really popular.
	 

ş Closing.

     Damn this is a really long Pud for me. I stop now.	  


ş Send Mail to:

     Biscuit & Gravy         KFC
     Baphomet the Limbo King 14@1506 WWIVNET
     T0UCAN S0N 0F SAM       64.5% Off Store.
     NO COURiER              36@2506 WWIVNET.
     Mooga the Whale         Tis a place men can only dream of.
     The BLT                 HaRd-WaReZ Department, Dollar General.
     fReD tHe HiTmAn         Roland's Basement.

               ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜßßßßßßßßßßßßßÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ
  ÜÛßßßßßßßßßßß                      Ending Qoute        ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßÜÜÜÜÜ
 Şİ  "The average life span of the southern mutilated cow is less than       Û 
 Û   5 minutes..." -  PuD Guide to Southern Living.                         Şİ
 Şİ                                                                       ÜÜß
  ÛÛÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ            ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜßßßßßßßß
                                            ßßßßßßßßßßßß
