€ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ€ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ€
€ PUD: Pizza Underground Digest.                              € Feb. 22 1993 €
€ Issue 7, Volume 1, Chapter 1, Epic 1.                       €‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹€
€‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹€

        "The future looks so bright I gotta wear bell-bottoms."
                                                - John Travolta.
   
˛ Mail

      Yes there still is no mail. Damn. Maybe we should wait more than one
   day before we release 7 issues. Qouting NO COURiER, " Were just turning
   them out almost as fast as my sister turns out men." Of course that isn't
   a direct qoute. Well since there is no mail, I guess I have to make up 
   some again. Remember the rules? Play along.

      From: Concerened modem lamer
      To  : Baphomet the Limbo King

      This letter is in respone to PUD 4 and 5 which seemed to be of a much
      higher drivel content that issue 2. This offends me and it retaliation
      I shall destroy you and all who oppose me you shall all bow before me.
      So be prepaired to die.

      Gee how come we get no mail like that? I kinda like a self-assertive 
   lamer. Not only are they fun to pick on but they fight back. Joy.

˛ Happiness.

      Is a warm gun, bang, bang, shoot, shoot.

˛ Why cyberpunks reak.

      First of all they enjoy wearing cow-asses all over thier body. That's
   leather for you nothern lamers. They seem to enjoy writhing around in 
   small computer rooms in front of sorry-ass attempt at an IBM compatible,
   usually a tandy with that dandy c00l 3 voice internal speaker and that
   incredible 122x133x12color resoloution. What else? They are satisfied 
   with a little internet access and a lame ass job. They reak.

˛ The Square egg.

      The secret of the Krystal Sunriser[tm].

˛ Triple-hydro-thermal-nucluer-war heads.

      Otherwise known as Krystals. Or yet again a correction for you 
   northern lamers, White Castle. They are good. But only if certain eating
   criteria are met. First you must be drunk, real drunk, so drunk that a 
   date with any member of the Brady Bunch seems appealing, we all know how
   hot Alice looks in those mauve dresses after four or five margeritta's.
   Control. It is extremely easy to go into the establishment and order 40
   or so when your are drunk. Refrain. 15 at the most, you don't want to 
   blow your triple secret cover. The final requirement it must be after
   3 or 4 in the morning and before 5:30. If you meet these simple steps
   then an enjoyable meal will be yours.

˛ HHHoooTTT NNNNNeeeeWWWWWWWW WWWWaaaaaRRRReeeZZZZZ!

      Well I was bored. Sue me.

˛ Four greates bands of all time.

      These are in no particular order.

      Led Zepplin.
      Billy and the Boingers.
      Pink Floyd.
      Rush.

      Guess which is number one.

˛ SeNt aNy tHiNg YEt?

      Heeelllooo???

˛ Intro.

      Actually this is the closing, I guess I lied.
      Sorry about my in-ability to be rude I am just in a good mode. Give
      me a few hours.

˛ Support BBS's:

      See Line -4 for info.

˛ Mail.

      I am to tired to put in the mailing lists. So go look at another 
      issue.

˛˛˛ End of PUD 1,7: "Take me to funky town..."                             ˛˛˛
