⁄ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒø⁄ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒø
≥PuDPuDPuDPuDPuDPuDPuDPuD≥≥ PUD: Pizza Underground Digest (c)1993 Oooga Inc. ≥
≥PuDP≤€€€DP€DP€DP€€≤uDPuD≥√ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒ¥
≥PuDP≤DP≤DP≤DP≤DP€DP≤DPuD≥≥ PUD Number 7, Volume 02, Chapter 21, Epic 01     ≥
≥PuDP±±≤≤DP±DP≤DP≤DP±DPuD≥≥ Release on the Date: Whatever month this is 2    ≥
≥PuDP±DPuDP±DP±DP≤DP∞DPuD≥≥ Line contained in the issue: 123,231,597         ≥
≥PuDP∞DPuDP∞∞∞±DP±±∞uDPuD≥≥ PUD Serving the modem public since Late Feb. '93 ≥
≥PuDPuDPuDPuDPuDPuDPuDPuD≥≥ For Help and Info look elsewhere.                ≥
¿ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒŸ¿ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒŸ

   "Opening qoutes, suck."
   								-Me.

 ˛ What to say?

     To say I am sick of everything would be bad. And in fact it would be
     a complete and utter lie. In fact for once in a long a while I am 
     starting to feel happy and content again... I don't know why. Maybe I
     need the shit beat out of me, get hit by a bus, beat up with a trash
     can, or just a woman. It seems they always have this inate ability to
     crush all my hopes, dreams and desires. As well as drain what little bit
     of pathetic resources I have...but oh how divine they can be. To see
     such beings of beauty and know that they love you, is well just a damn
     fucking great feeling. Of course I haven't felt that in a long time, so
     maybe I am over the last demon I knew...but I doubt it. Anyway the whole
     damn reason I am rambling on like this is to explain why my PuD's have
     been so, so, so bland lately and how they are far and few between. I am
     happy. Sue me. I really need to find a way to build up some anger and
     intense frustration, but I don't know if I can. I'll try.
     
˛ Um, well I don't know...

     What to include in the issue. I guess I could make up the usual drivel
     but hey what fun would that be? None. If fact PUD sucks. I hate it. I
     hate you. And mankind reaks. But hey at least I am happy. How to tell
     when you are happy? Yes that sounds good...but that doesn't fit in with
     this wholesome publication. Damn. I suck so I will tell a story...
     
˛ Uncle Ernie.

     Was a once noble man, now lying in a sad state of his former youth. In
     his day, he had been quite the man, strong, bright, handsome and quick
     with the wit. But now he lay almost motionless for 24 hours a day. His
     children, all three of them, John, Mark and Beth, never came to see him.
     His wife had died over 5 years ago and since then he had entered a state
     of comotose. He was old, feeble, and out of touch with reality. But oh,
     in his mind was he a God! He still could out-do anyone, beat the best of
     the best, he was still his former self. But his children refused to come
     and see him. "He's dead. In my opinion" One of his children actually had
     the nerve to say once. And so he lay. Silent. Almost dead. Yet still a
     human in his own right. Then the day come. About three weeks after Ernie
     had turned 88 his children decided that it was just wrong for thier once
     proud father to live like this. They wanted him dead. And secretly they
     all hoped he would die on his own. But die he would not, for in his mind,
     he was still the best, in fact he was now greater than he could have ever
     hoped to be in reality. In his mind, there was a whole world explored
     only be him and the characters in his head. But then it all came crashing
     down. His beloved children, the one's he worked two jobs to send all of
     them through college pulled the plug on him. He died. And so did his 
     world. And all the characters in it. A world destroyed by the brashness
     of youth...

˛ "Live and Let die"

     If you bothered to read the above, then you know exactly how I feel about
     life and death. Let people live. Killing them, yes even if science says
     they are brain dead is wrong. Everyone deserves a chance to fullfill the
     dreams they have. You nor I have the right to steal thier rights from 
     them, so don't.

˛ Women.

     I am happy. Would one of you volunteer to a>teach me how to spell or
     b> crush me like a bug.

˛ Ego's.

     I'm a god. The god. Your nothing. Your trash. So what.

˛ Stupid-ass PuDs.

     So what's new?

˛ ^

     Command Seperator in 4dos 4.0+.

˛ Pathetic.

     Is a good way to describe this issue. I guess I will wait a while before
     doing any more puds. I must. I am in two good of a mood. But hey I saw a
     nice looking girl over at Lee's chicken, maybe by next week, I will be
     in a bad mood again...Probably.

˛ Mail?

     Who fucking cares, it's obvious no one ever read this god damn drivel
     anyway.

               ‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹
  ‹€ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ                      Ending Qoute        ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ‹‹‹‹‹
 ﬁ›                                                                          € 
 €   "Judge Wapner was a satanist."                                         ﬁ›
 ﬁ›                                    -Baptist Church.                   ‹‹ﬂ
  €€‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹            ‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
                                            ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
                                            
FOOTNOTE:

The Author of this piece is quite a deranged fellow, and is under going damn
evaluation at an institute near you. What? Yes I know this wan't funny, but
in a strange sort of way it is to me!!aheheheheaeaeeea Why??!??!!? Because
you damn LaMeR you wasted download credit to get it! Damn I'm swass...
