…ÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕª⁄ÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕø
∫pudpudpudpudpudpudpudpud∫≥ PUD: Pizza Underground Digest (c)1993 Oooga Inc. ≥
∫pudp≤€€€dp€dp€dp€€≤udpud∫√ÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕ¥
∫pudp≤dp≤dp≤dp≤dp€dp≤dpud∫≥ PUD Number 17, Volume 02, Chapter 66, Epic 01    ≥
∫pudp±±≤≤dp±dp≤dp≤dp±dpud∫≥ Release on the Date: Whatever month this is 5    ≥
∫pudp∞dpudp±dp±dp≤dp∞dpud∫≥ Lines contained in the issue: 5˝˚5               ≥
∫pudp∞dpudp∞∞∞±dp±±∞udpud∫≥ PUD Serving the modem public since Late Feb. '93 ≥
∫pudpudpudpudpudpudpudpud∫≥ For Help and Info look elsewhere.                ≥
»ÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕº¿ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒŸ


        "Damn did you ask for this..."
                                                -Baphomet

˛ SPECIAL ISSUE!

˛ Featuring Beanie, aka No courier, aka Brett Salyer, etc...

˛ WOW!

        This is issue is devoted entirly to No Courier. Why? Because the 
   little bastard deserves it. You'll notice I skipped PUD 15 because well
   I felt like writing this one now. So there. Ha. Whatever...

˛ SNESister.

        What do you call a female who's only goal in life is to watch her
   boyfriend play SuperNintendo? Sad? Pathetic? Nancy? NO beanie's sister.
   That's all her life consists of, wacthing SNES and knitting. Damn what a
   great family life No courier has.

˛ Chickens=Love?

        Well they say everyone is different and No courier isn'y any 
   exception to that rule. After being turned down one to many times by the
   household cat and then finally Sid the SwasS DoG. He turned to chickens.
   He has two of them now, named Your and the best. He like saying their 
   names repeatedly as he watches them. Go figure...

˛ NEWSFLASH!
        
        A deranged, crazy ass-bitch of a woman was arrested earlier today 
   in the fine, fine, fine city of dekatoor. It is said the woman had been
   under extremely strange circumstances when at 11:43am she went and tried
   to rob Sam's Country Kitchen. The police nabbed her after bribing her 
   out from behind the fat-fryers awith a week old biscuit. When asked about
   her identity she quickly confirmed what all had known, Beanie's mom. Who
   would have guessed?

˛ Companionship.

        No courier actually enjoy's companship with people although it is 
   not notciible in any manner what so ever. But it seems all of his hard
   fought loyalty and love stems for one individual. I guy who used to be 
   sysop of the Darkside Bbbs. More well known as the fag-boy bedside BBS.
   Beanie has more than once declared his love for the sysop of that board,
   that kooky guy named brian, and on more than one occasion has even go so
   far as to admit that although he doesn't believe in theme fruit, theme
   meats can be overall very sattisfying...We have pictures.

˛ Little Known Facts about No Courier.

        1> Although he was adopted, it was part of a package deal where 
        his parents also recieved a really swell reel to reel player.

        2>Unable to afford a real basketball, he buys balloons and then
        paints them orange to fool would be hoopsters.

        3>He's actually a VBBS sysop.

        4>Really? Yes it stems from the affair his mother had with Roland
        DeGraf.

        5>Codes program entirely in QuickBasic 2.75·.

        6>Wears new kids on the block clothing. When asked why, he said 
        because donnie said to, and besides donnie is really cute. Damn
        he's sad.

        7>His personal VMB is <205>351-0304. Ask for Nanacy to assist you.

        8>He got caught when he was 7 trying to sell his sister at his
        once profitable lemonade stand.

        9>He thinks Vanilla Ice was a really beautifull person.

        10> DAMN HE SUCKS.

˛ Top 5 Reasons why you may not see any more Puds from No courier.

        1>I'm going to kill him over PUD 16.
        2>See 1.
        3>See 2.
        4>See 3.
        5>See 4.

˛ Ending...

        Well I hoped you enjoyed this little look at a local person.

˛ Send Mail to:

         T0UCAN S0N 0F SAM       50% Off Store.
	 NO COURiER              36@2506 WWIVNET.
	 Mooga the Whale         Xanadu.
	 The BLT                 Craft-WaReZ Department, Bruno's.
	 Baphomet the Limbo King 14@2506 WWIVNET.
	 fReD tHe HiTmAn         Micro Magic BBS

               ‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹
  ‹€ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ                      Ending Qoute        ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ‹‹‹‹‹
 ﬁ›                                                                          € 
 €   "No escaping death...you belong to me..."                              ﬁ›
 ﬁ›                                                                       ‹‹ﬂ
  €€‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹            ‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
                                            ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
