
                      t  h  e    4 0 5 ' s   o  w  n . . .


            ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
            ³               ³    ³               ³    ³          ³
            ³    ÄÄÄÄÄ      ³    ³       ³       ³    ÀÄ¿      ÚÄÙ
            ³         ÚÄÄÄÄÄÙ    ³       ³       ³    ÚÄÙ      ÀÄ¿
            ³         ³          ³               ³    ³          ³
            ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ          ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                               p r e s e n t ' s

              ÚÄÄÄ Ä Ä  Ä    Ä   ú    ú     ú     Ä    Ä   Ä   Ä¿
              ³     Bringing dead calling cards back to life    ³
              ÀÄ Ä -   -     ú       ú    ú  Ä    Ä  Ä   Ä   ÄÄÄÙ

                        Written by: U, on May 1st, 1995

Summary:

        The following will detail how to take an AT&T calling card that
        was once dead, and make it work once again.  This method is 95%
        effective, and CAN fail if the person who executes it screws up.
        More on that later..

Intro:

        Did you ever get someone elses calling card, or create one of
        your own under someone else's name?  If so, then you know the
        joys of a calling card and the pleasures they bring.  But we who
        have carded calls know and dread the day of doom.  The day every
        card faces in which you, the 'owner' of the card calls up to use
        it and is told their card is being denied.  Meaning, it is still
        there, but is not usable due to a few things:

Problems:

                1)  at&t knows its a fraudulent card (which
                    belive it or not, is usually NOT the case)

                2)  your local ma bell, whom pays AT&T for your calls
                    noticed that your home phone LD bill was averaged at
                    about 20 bucks a month, and what do ya know?  Theres
                    a calling card on the line with a bill for 200
                    bucks.  At this point, your local bell will alert
                    AT&T as to the extreme difference of card vs. home
                    bill.  9 times out of 10, AT&T will turn off the
                    card, mainly because ma bell makes them.

Solution:

        At this point, one might just as well go create another calling
        card or steal someone elses.  BUT WHY!?!  That takes 10 times
        the time and effort of the following proceedure.

        Step 1)

        Call 1-800-537-0816

        Step 2)

        When the operator answers the conversation will go something
        like this..

        HER: May I help you?

        U: No, I just called to listen to your 'hold' music.  (j/k) ;)

        U: Yes, this is <insert fake name here>, from the <your bell's
        name, southwester bell etc..> billing office.  I have a calling
        card I need reactivated.  It was put on hold due to a large
        difference in the home bill vs. the card's bill.  Anyway, we've
        received payment, so you can go ahead and turn it back on.

        HER: Ok, what's the billing number?

At this point, you MUST know the phone number the card is being billed
to, which (not always) but USUALLY is the card number minus the last
four digits (ie. the PIN).  You must also know the card holder's NAME.
For those that created their own calling card, this will be easy.

        U: 405-555-1212

        HER: Okay, and the customer's name?

        U: I.P. Freely (or whateverthefuck the d00ds name is)

        HER: Okay, it's taken care of.

        U: Okay, thanks you dirty whore!

        Step 3)

        At this point, you may want to call into at&t the way you
        normally would to use your calling card and tell them (as if
        your the owner of your card) that someone from (your bell name)
        just called and told you that they had recieved payment and that
        your card would be valid in 24 hours and you wanted to make sure
        that was the case.  They'll transfer you.  Sometimes it hasn't
        transfered over to the person's terminal you get ahold of, so
        tell them the same bullshit above, about being called by the
        bell person and all and they'll ask for your info, card number,
        pin, your name blah blah.. give them what they ask for and
        you'll be put on hold for a million years, she'll say she's
        testing it or some bullshit.  Just be patient and if all went
        well, she'll come back on and say that your card should be
        working again within 15 minutes!

Conclusion:

        It's that simple!  Using this technique, you can sustain the
        life of your cards to double even triple or quadruple their
        normal time!  We haven't been doing this very long, so who
        knows.. maybe yours will last forever!  Well.. doubtful.. but
        hey.. you can hope!  :)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Greetz: DeadKat, Nuklear Phusion, Disorder
        Omega, Mindscrew, Joe630, MSR,
        Jack Flack, Info Junkie, Voyager
        and Fugazi.

Editor's Note:

        To all in the 405 'scene'-

                Chill the fuck out.  No one cares about who did what and
                who is more fucking k-rad.  My fellow members and I are
                getting really sick of this shit some of you call a
                scene.  Sorry, but I have no interest in this Soap
                Opera bullshit.  I can skip school, and stay home to
                watch that shit on T.v.

        To TDKEB -

                We are the MEN, you are the WOMEN.  Sit down and shutup.
                ;)

        To Social Parasite -

                Fuck yourself, you stinky, greasy ass hair.  (god that
                felt good..)

<EOF> POi '95
